remove flags for policy defaulting (#30256)
elastic/beats: x-pack/elastic-agent/docs/fleet-server-bootstrap.asciidoc

When the `container` command is executed it first copies the `data/downloads` directory
into a state path (`STATE_PATH`) then it executes the `enroll` command.

When using the `container` command, a policy ID for the agent should be supplied via the
`FLEET_SERVER_POLICY` environment variable. If this value is omitted, the agent will attempt

> to use the deafult policy ID, which can be configured via `DEFALUT_FLEET_SERVER_POLICY`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to use the default policy ID, which can be configured via `DEFAULT_FLEET_SERVER_POLICY`
```
